feat: add the `EnvironmentDetector` utility class and `environment` service (#10130)
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/general/environments.rst

    php spark env

.. _environment-detector-service:

The ``environmentdetector`` service
===================================

.. versionadded:: 4.8.0

As an alternative to reading the ``ENVIRONMENT`` constant directly, CodeIgniter

> provides the ``environmentdetector`` service, backed by the
> :php:class:`CodeIgniter\\EnvironmentDetector` class. Because it is a shared
> service, it can be mocked in tests (via ``Services::injectMock()``) to exercise
> environment-specific branches without having to redefine the ``ENVIRONMENT``
> constant.
> 
> .. literalinclude:: environments/001.php
> 
> Passing a value to the constructor overrides the detected environment; passing
> ``null`` (the default) falls back to the ``ENVIRONMENT`` constant. An empty or
> whitespace-only string throws ``CodeIgniter\Exceptions\InvalidArgumentException``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::

    The ``environmentdetector`` service is primarily intended for testing
    environment-specific code paths. Mocking it only affects code that resolves
    and uses the service itself. It does not modify the ``ENVIRONMENT`` constant.
    Code that still reads ``ENVIRONMENT`` directly keeps its current behavior.

Passing a value to the constructor overrides the detected environment; passing
``null`` (the default) falls back to the ``ENVIRONMENT`` constant. An empty or
whitespace-only string throws ``CodeIgniter\Exceptions\InvalidArgumentException``.

```

Author: added note

    php spark env

.. _environment-detector-service:

The ``environmentdetector`` service
===================================

.. versionadded:: 4.8.0

As an alternative to reading the ``ENVIRONMENT`` constant directly, CodeIgniter
provides the ``environmentdetector`` service, backed by the

> :php:class:`CodeIgniter\\EnvironmentDetector` class. Because it is a shared

Reviewer 2: It seems that `php:class` is used to describe classes and provide links to their descriptions. In this case, it looks like an ordinary code mention and you can skip it.

In general, what was the primary point of describing classes and functions in documentation in a special style? It looks clumsy. If you follow the style, you need to manually perform the functions of phpDocumentor. Due to the possible migration from Sphinx, this has added to the problems.

Author: removed
